Title: 1.8.0
Date: 1970-01-01
Category: Hustle
Slug: patchnotes/1.8.0

*   Added new experimental performance optimization code. Should improve prediction performance but might cause prediction (and other) errors. Let me know!
*   Free Cancel is now enabled by default (with option to turn this off.)
*   Uncapped FPS (does not affect gameplay logic)
*   Adjusted UI during move selection to allow for more space. Super meter and character info are now at the top when the game is paused.
*   Action buttons are now more obviously highlighted when selected.
*   Hitbox display can now be enabled during multiplayer
*   Melee attacks will now display their earliest hitbox frame in the action selector. This is experimental and some counts will probably be incorrect.
*   Fixed awkward scrolling behavior when there are more than 9 available moves in a category.
*   Added an indicator in the movelist for when more than 9 moves are available in a category.
*   Enabled rich text in emotes.

All Characters
--------------

*   All melee attacks can now be cancelled into defensive options, wait, fall, and grab.
*   Movement IASA has received a small blanket nerf to make it more committal and discourage passive strategies.
*   Clashes now occur when moves are within 250 damage of each other, from the previous 400.
*   Clashing melee attacks rewards one free cancel.
*   Counterhits now work properly on multihit attacks.
*   Added subtle SFX for when you gain 1 bar of meter.
*   Added slightly more pitch variance to the super SFX.
*   Getting parried or blocked will properly deactivate your active hitboxes now.
*   Added new block advantage indicator.
*   Sadness gain is greatly reduced if you are on the ground and the opponent is in the air, and moderately increased if you are in the air while the opponent is on the ground.
*   Additionally, sadness reduction is moderately nerfed if airborne while the opponent is grounded.
*   Reduced the negative sadness penalty cap
*   Projectiles can have different properties in and out of combos now. Might cause some bugs.
*   Characters are unaffected by Sadness changes for 60 frames after exiting hitstun.
    
*   Burst
    
    *   Is now usable in neutral
    *   Landing it in neutral gains you nearly 2 bars of meter, and the opponent is invulnerable for the duration of hitstun.
    *   Can no longer clash.
*   Hustle
    
    *   Adds a lot of sadness to the opponent if started during neutral.
    *   Sadness wont be applied if the opponent is also using Hustle.
    *   1 additional point of sadness is applied to the opponent every 4 frames that Hustle is active and grounded.
*   Block
    
    *   Block has been reworked. Now blocking is much safer (though not completely risk-free), and parrying is harder (but has almost the same reward as before). Making defense safer should encourage fighters to stay closer together, as the risk for being in the opponent's threat range is not so high. This is a better and more satisfying alternative to the current meta of simply running away.
    *   Most moves have had their block advantage altered. The way it works is like so: if you have a block advantage of +3, it adds 3 frames of startup to your opponent's move.
    *   Air block has dramatically reduced pushback.
    *   Blocking will not normally be punished by moves with delayed hitboxes anymore.
    *   You must guess the timing of the opponent's melee attack to parry it, which is a 1f window.
        *   Credit to VineRaio for the idea and much of the implementation
    *   Reworked high/low blocking. Block is now a single move that blocks both low and high.
        *   Added option to predict high or low attacks within Block. This functions differently than before: both versions will block all attacks, but you must match the attack height to land a parry, and predicting wrong will disadvantage you by an additional 2 frames and you will take some extra chip damage.
        *   The reason for this is that low attacks are not distinct enough from highs and mids, which means that blocking them is less interesting and more of a pure 50/50 gambling situation that makes certain moves ridiculously powerful. The choice was between doing this or reworking a lot of moves to be a lot worse on hit.
        *   In place of lows' previous function, certain melee attacks when launched on the same turn have a new Guard Break property. They cannot be blocked; they must be parried. Landing a guard break will adjust combo proration to 1.
    *   Soft blocking melee attacks costs an air option.
    *   Some moves are now punishable on block outright.
    *   Attacking a blocking opponent who is in the air gets you another +2f.
    *   Parrying the opponent scales your combo to 85% damage except against block-punishable moves where it remains 100%. Since fishing for parries is now much lower-risk with the other block changes, this should help temper the reward.
    *   Parry reduces sadness when used against melee attacks.
    *   Parrying projectiles no longer incurs sadness penalty.
    *   Can no longer be grabbed during blockstun at all.
        *   Throw hitboxes that collide with a character in blockstun will not hit meaty.
    *   The attacker gets their Free Cancel back when their attack is blocked, but not the defender.
    *   Blocking now resets all forward momentum.
    *   Heavily reduced meter gain when dealing/taking chip damage
    *   Blocking during a combo is still unsafe if you dont end up blocking anything.
    *   Removed advantage storing (all projectiles are +2).
    *   Removed melee autoparry after parrying projectiles.
    *   Parrying projectiles and free-cancelled melee attacks is unchanged.
    *   Attacking the opponent's block reduces sadness a bit.
*   Push Block
    
    *   You can spend 1 meter to push block which increases block knockback. You cannot parry from push block.
    *   Pushblock will always push the opponent away from you if they are close, even if you block a projectile.
*   Super Jump
    
    *   Restricted angle during neutral.
*   Super Dash
    
    *   Startup decreased (9f -> 7f)
    *   Fixed exploit allowing super long backdashes.
*   Dash Forward (or Walk Forward)
    
    *   minimum IASA adjusted in neutral (8f -> 10f)
*   Dash Back (or Walk Back)
    
    *   IASA increased (9f -> 11f)
    *   Is now throw invulnerable for 7 frames.
*   Jump
    
    *   Short hop IASA increased (8f -> 10f) in neutral.
    *   Is now fully interruptible on the opponent's turn.
    *   Cancels into Fall when holding after leaving the ground.
*   Dodge / Tech Dodge
    
    *   IASA increased (16f -> 19f)
    *   Back roll has 1 additional recovery frame (19f -> 20f)
    *   Throw and projectile invulnerability now starts immediately.
    *   Air versions cost an air option.
*   Whiff Cancel
    
    *   Increased IASA (1f -> 2f)
*   Throw (all)
    
    *   Increased hitbox width
    *   All normal throws now have a damage proration value of 2.
*   Throw (grounded)
    
    *   Added "dash" toggle which adds 3f startup and applies strong forward momentum. Dash grab hitbox only lasts for 2 frames.
*   Knockdown
    
    *   Friction is now properly normalized across the cast and is a little more slippery.
*   Getup
    
    *   Characters are immune to throws for 2 frames after getup.
*   Landing
    
    *   Landing will now add extra recovery in neutral to prevent turns shorter than 10 frames.
*   Hustle
    
    *   Fixed anti-sadness tech from Hustling right as you're about to get sadness from the opponent's Hustle. Now you must have started your Hustle within 1 frame of the opponent's.

Mutant
------

### COMING SOON LOL

*   I was too busy balancing everyone else but now that the game is perfect I have time for slopman

Ninja
-----

*   Ninja has been a little underwhelming in the last release, so I've given the character some more useful tools and tweaked old ones to be more worth considering. Ninja should still be a hard character that requires a lot of hard reads (in exchange for great movement), and I've kept this philosophy in mind while making changes.
    
*   Now utilizes extra color 2 for customization.
    
*   Dodge/Tech Dodge
    
    *   Detaches grappling hook.
*   Store Momentum
    
    *   Is now a level 1 super.
    *   You can store up to 3 charges. You'll store your current momentum or what's already stored (if you have any), whichever is higher.
    *   Reduced stored speed increase (1.35x -> 1.175x)
    *   Increased IASA (10f -> 15f).
    *   Is not usable after Super Jump.
*   Release Momentum
    
    *   New name: Boost
    *   Is now a toggle, still uses 1 meter.
    *   You can now aim the direction freely.
        *   Restricted to an arc pointing toward the opponent during neutral.
    *   Not usable with Defense or Movement options.
    *   Upward momentum is capped.
    *   Disables collision
    *   Adds 1 hit of scaling to your combo
    *   Getting parried during Boost adds 20f hitlag to Ninja.
    *   Momentum retention lasts for at least 10 frames, continuing to the end of the next turn once the time has run out.
*   Quick Slash
    
    *   Is now combo-only (neutral functionality replaced with the revamped Release Momentum)
    *   Removed block/parry penalty
    *   Followup attacks no longer scale the combo.
*   Caltrops
    
    *   Is now destroyed by melee hitboxes.
    *   Reduced hitstun (40f -> 33f)
*   Air Dash
    
    *   Gravity is not applied for 7 frames after using Air Dash.
    *   IASA is now always at least 10f during neutral.
    *   Minimum airdash IASA reduced (11f -> 10f)
*   Sticky Bomb
    
    *   Detonate toggle timer increased (10f -> 12f)
    *   Added toggle to jump, turning it off preserves existing momentum
    *   Increased hitbox size
    *   Usable out of Back Sway
    *   Is now unparriable.
*   Back Sway
    
    *   Usable in the air (does not reset momentum when airborne)
    *   Aerial version uses an air option.
*   Grappling Hook
    
    *   Projectile comes out earlier (9f -> 8f)
*   Skull Shaker
    
    *   Increased hitstun (31f -> 32f)
    *   Is now +0 on block.
    *   Increased damage (930 -> 1200)
    *   Reduced damage over time (700 -> 200)
*   Substitute
    
    *   Added sadness penalty for crossing through the opponent.
*   Shuriken (all)
    
    *   Startup increased (7f -> 10f)
    *   IASA increased to 14f
    *   Is now +2 on block.
*   Whip Wave
    
    *   Projectile is now +3 on block.
    *   Melee hitbox is now +1 on block.
*   Dive Kick
    
    *   Usable on the ground
    *   Grounded version changes:
        *   Fuck it. You can go up now
        *   Up version has reduced startup
        *   Reduced IASA (inf -> 25f)
        *   Grounded version does not have initiative effect.
        *   Increased damage (600 -> 760)
        *   Increased hitbox size
        *   Resets vertical momentum on hit when moving downward.
    *   Is now +3 on block.
    *   Victim hitstop increased (5f -> 9f)
*   Kick (aerial)
    
    *   Is now +2 on block.
*   Punch (aerial)
    
    *   Is now +3 on block.
*   Palm Strike
    
    *   Is now +4 on block.
*   Summon
    
    *   Both summon types can be out at the same time.
    *   Kunai are now +2 on block.
    *   Slide is now +1 on block.
    *   IASA increased (11f -> 14f)
*   Drop Kick
    
    *   Breaks guard.
    *   Is punishable when blocking on reaction.
    *   Has more hitstun when used from neutral (21f -> 25f)
    *   Increased damage (1100 -> 1150)
*   Stomp
    
    *   Breaks guard.
    *   increased startup (11f -> 12f)
*   Nun Chuk (all)
    
    *   Projectile no longer clashes with other projectiles
    *   Projectile is now +3 on block.
*   Nun Chuk (forward)
    
    *   is now +2 on block.
*   Nun Chuk (up)
    
    *   Reduced startup (6f -> 5f)
    *   Is now +1 on block.
*   Chuk Spin
    
    *   is now +1 on block.
*   Chuk Heavy
    
    *   Is now +3f on block.
*   Chuk Jump
    
    *   Now breaks guard.
    *   Is now +2 on block.
*   Slide Kick
    
    *   Is now -2f on block.
    *   Increased hurtbox height a little
    *   Backward version in neutral now incurs massive Sadness penalty.
*   Uppercut (all)
    
    *   Is now punishable on block.
    *   Can link into attacks on hit.
    *   Adjusted proration (2 -> 0)
    *   Can't link into itself.
*   Uppercut (grounded)
    
    *   Reduced hitstun (60f, 50f -> 30f, 25f)
*   Uppercut (aerial)
    
    *   Reduced hitstun (40f, 30f -> 25f, 17f)
    *   Starts with throw invulnerability.
*   Throw (grounded)
    
    *   Increased DI modifier (1.25x -> 1.5x)
*   Throw (aerial)
    
    *   Hitstun reduced (30f -> 17f)
    *   Knockback increased (10 -> 14)
*   Jump Kick (aerial)
    
    *   No longer land cancels before the hitbox comes out; instead it will reset vertical momentum and jump off the ground.
    *   Is now +1 on block.

Cowboy
------

*   Cowboy has got a lot of changes, mainly to Teleport and bullet-related moves. Many of the changes are to help with QOL, anti-stalling, and better interacting with the new block system. Cowboy has also been tweaked to replace unsightly optimal combos (throw loops) with cooler and more interactive ones. Cowboy has had a lot of issues in the past with ignoring DI and being able to run away with no accountability, so the teleport changes should force the character to play a more honest game while still retaining the fun parts.
*   Draw Cancel now works on block.
*   All normal attacks except Pommel are now draw cancellable.
    
*   Shift
    
    *   Can no longer be used with defensive options.
    *   Now applies a good chunk of sadness when used in neutral.
*   Rift
    
    *   Only teleports one bullet instead of all of them. It selects the bullet that has been bounced or teleported the least amount of times, falling back to the most recent bullet.
    *   Is now +4 on block.
    *   Explosion hitbox is no longer parriable.
    *   Explosion now sends airborne.
*   1,000 Cuts
    
    *   Now drains meter instead of using it all at once. Still disappears after 150 frames like normal, or if you run out of meter.
    *   Reduced minimum damage (200 -> 150)
*   Dash (all versions)
    
    *   Increased IASA in neutral (8f -> 10f)
*   Air Dash
    
    *   Made going backward easier in the UI.
    *   Technically no longer flippable.
*   Super Dash
    
    *   Now uses Cowboy's dash instead of walk.
*   Temporal Round
    
    *   New color.
    *   Shoots a real bullet now.
    *   This bullet won't hit Cowboy until it ricochets or teleports.
    *   The bullet also has extra hitstop (3f -> 6f self, 6f -> 9f victim)
    *   Consumes a bullet now.
    *   Fires in the direction of DI.
    *   Frozen bullet is no longer lost when Cowboy is hit.
    *   Frozen bullet is destroyed when hit by melee attacks.
*   Instant Teleport
    
    *   Merged with Teleport.
    *   Teleport happens on frame 7 instead of frame 5.
    *   Removed super freeze effect (no gameplay change)
    *   Limited angle during neutral. Different angles depending on whether Cowboy is aerial or grounded.
*   1000 Cuts
    
    *   Is now +1 on block.
*   Shoot/Shoot Dodge
    
    *   Bullet damage should be reduced properly on consecutive hits from the same projectile now (it wasn't before).
    *   Bullet hitstun is halved every time it hits the enemy (min 5f).
    *   Fixed one bullet hitbox not having a minimum damage value
    *   Bullet is now +2 on block.
    *   Bullet chip damage modifier decreased (0.75x -> 0.67x)
    *   Bullet damage reduced in neutral (1300 -> 1200)
    *   Reduced DI modifier on bullet (1.0x -> 0.7x)
    *   Increased self hitstop (1f -> 3f)
    *   Increased victim hitstop (4f -> 6f)
*   Shoot
    
    *   IASA increased (8f -> 10f)
    *   No longer Free Cancellable.
*   Lasso
    
    *   Is now +1 on block.
*   Impale
    
    *   Now breaks guard.
    *   Cannot be free-cancelled. NOOOO!!!!
    *   Is punishable when blocking on reaction.
    *   Increased hitbox size
    *   Increased initial hit damage in neutral (300 -> 600)
    *   No longer projectile invulnerable.
    *   Replaced true invulnerability with projectile invulnerability after hitting.
*   Teleport
    
    *   Merged with Instant Teleport. Foresight buffed to compensate and provide similar but more interesting and fair functionality.
*   Gun Throw
    
    *   Gun now returns back to Cowboy after shooting. This prevents Lasso from being used. Might make it a toggle.
    *   Reduced IASA (18f -> 15f)
    *   Bullet is unparriable now.
*   Quick Draw
    
    *   IASA increased (8f -> 14f)
    *   Is now interruptible on the opponent's turn starting frame 8
*   Back Slash
    
    *   Initial hitbox is now punishable on block.
*   3 Combo
    
    *   Is now +2 on block for the first two hits and +3 on block for the last one.
    *   All hits are now cancellable.
*   Foresight
    
    *   Is now fully aimable in combos.
    *   More lenient angles in neutral when used on the ground.
    *   IASA increased in neutral (11f -> 13f)
    *   IASA decreased in combos (11f -> 10f)
*   Lightning Slice
    
    *   Is now +1 on block.
    *   Reduced damage in combos (900 -> 650)
*   New Move: Pistol Whip
    
    *   Aerial attack that sends straight downward. Meant to replace the functionality down throw had prior to air throw changes.
    *   Knocks down.
    *   No ground bounce.
    *   Is usable in gun stance even on the ground.
*   Pommel
    
    *   Is now -2 on block.
*   Downward Cleave
    
    *   Is now +2 on block.
*   Upward Swipe
    
    *   Is now +1 on block.
*   Vert. Slash (aerial)
    
    *   Is now +1 on block.
*   Horiz. Slash (grounded)
    
    *   Is now -1 on block.
*   Horiz. Slash (aerial)
    
    *   Is now +2 on block.
*   Stinger
    
    *   Breaks guard.
    *   No longer causes hard knockdown.
    *   Minimum hitstun frames reduced (10f -> 0f)
    *   Can be hitcancelled into Lightning Slice again.
    *   Increased victim hitstop (7f -> 10f)
*   Air Throws
    
    *   Hitstun reduced (30f -> 17f)
    *   Knockback increased (10 -> 14)
*   Hustle
    
    *   Is no longer free-cancellable for no reason.

Wizard
------

*   Wizard has been in a good place for a little while, so changes aren't as big as with the other characters. However, I've tweaked Wizard's moveset to better work with the new blocking (as I have with other characters). Combo and chip damage is a little reduced from before, but Wiz should have a bit easier time landing hits against the opponent and opening up defense to compensate.
*   Enhanced gravity meter display
*   Cannot Hover during oki.
    
*   Orb
    
    *   Increased IASA (8f -> 11f)
    *   Meter gain is halved while the orb is out.
    *   Dart
        *   Is now +1 on block.
    *   Lightning
        *   Will not be re-activated if it's already triggered by an attack.
        *   Is now +3 on block.
        *   Reduced chip damage modifier (1.0x -> 0.8x)
    *   Swords
        *   will not be re-activated if already triggered by an attack.
        *   Is now +1 on block.
        *   Reduced chip damage modifier (1.0x -> 0.8x)
    *   Orb portal
        *   Increased IASA (7f -> 10f)
*   Orb Tether
    
    *   Increased IASA (8f -> 10f)
*   Telekinesis
    
    *   Small rocks are now +1 on block.
    *   Big rock is +4 on block.
    *   Bomb is now +3 on block.
    *   Tire is now +2 on block.
    *   Increased bomb fuse (30f -> 60f)
    *   Big rock causes hard knockdown now.
*   Dodge/Tech Dodge
    
    *   Disables hover/fast fall
*   Spark Bomb
    
    *   Is now +3 on block.
    *   Increased detonation toggle/push effect distance (60px -> 75px).
*   Geyser
    
    *   Increased startup by 4f.
    *   Is now a melee attack, and can hitcancel into special attacks (but can't Free Cancel).
*   Draw Moisture
    
    *   Wizard now automatically gets 1 pip of moisture every time they start a melee combo or land a parry. Removed the button.
*   Zephyr
    
    *   Throw hitbox only hits aerial opponents.
    *   Strike hitbox is no longer hitcancellable.
    *   Reduced strike hitbox DI nudge modifier (1.0x -> 0.25x)
    *   New throw animation. You can combo out of it, depending on DI and projectile status.
    *   No longer triggers Orb Dart.
    *   Triggers Orb Swords on hit.
*   Flame Wave
    
    *   Projectile spawns 2 frames later (8f -> 10f)
    *   IASA increased (15f -> 17f)
    *   No longer triggers Orb Dart.
    *   Reduced chip damage modifier (1.0x -> 0.8x)
*   Magic Dart
    
    *   Is now +2 on block.
*   Vile Clutch
    
    *   Is now +2 on block.
*   Missile Form
    
    *   Explosion hitbox is now +2 on block.
    *   Headbutt is now +1 on block.
        *   Headbutt hitbox is +2 on block when Wizard is buffed with Spark.
    *   Increased backblast knockback (12.75 -> 15)
    *   Increased backblast DI modifier (1.0x -> 1.5x)
    *   Reduced backblast minimum damage (500 -> 350)
    *   Reduced backblast damage in combos (1200 -> 1000)
    *   No longer triggers Orb Dart.
*   Bolt of Magma
    
    *   Is now +1 on block.
*   Mana Strike
    
    *   Is now +1 on block.
*   Mana Kick
    
    *   Landing recovery reduced (6f -> 4f). Adjusted to compensate for universal landing lag change.
    *   Is now +2 on block (+0 on weak hit).
*   Icicle (all versions)
    
    *   Is now +1 on block.
*   Icicle (air)
    
    *   Landing recovery reduced (6f -> 4f). Adjusted to compensate for universal landing lag change.
*   Icicle (ground, down)
    
    *   Goes airborne two frames earlier (6f -> 4f).
*   Tome Slap
    
    *   Is now +1 on block.
    *   Spawns Orb Dart 2 frames later.
*   Conjure Storm
    
    *   The close hitboxes break guard and are punishable on block.
    *   Far hitboxes are +4 on block
*   Conjure Weapon
    
    *   is now +3 on block.
*   Combust
    
    *   Breaks guard.
    *   Is now +3 on (reaction) block.
    *   Reduced damage (1150 -> 1000)

Robot
-----

*   Many changes made this patch are in the spirit of improving Robot's neutral while toning down excessive damage (while still keeping it characteristically high).
*   Can now automatically cancel certain moves into and out of Drive.
*   Now utilizes extra color 2 for customization.
*   Getting hit will only disable LOIC if Robot goes into hitstun.
*   Drive cancel now works on block.
*   Updated some icons
    
*   Armor
    
    *   Instead of Robot being able to power through any move, getting hit while in Armor forces Robot to block. By landing Kill Process, however, you can restore the prior functionality of armor for one use.
    *   This change came of feedback from both casual and competitive players who feel that fighting as and against Robot can become passive and unfun due to Armor discouraging neutral interactions. This should give some advantage to the attacker while still being an extremely strong tool for Robot to shrug off enemy attacks.
    *   Can no longer be used on Defense or Movement options (except Step)
*   Flight
    
    *   Increased fly duration per air option (20f -> 25f)
    *   Flight momentum is now additively applied with forces, instead of going in a straight direction.
    *   Robot now has one more air option (4 total).
    *   Super Jump reduces Robot's air options to 2.
    *   Can once again fly & block at the same time
    *   Flying backward or straight up gives Robot some Sadness.
    *   Robot won't keep flying after Fly is unchecked.
    *   Flying down will more rapidly counteract upward momentum.
*   Dodge
    
    *   Can no longer fly during dodge.
*   New move: Propel
    
    *   Grounded movement option. 12f IASA. Goes a fixed distance. Robot slides a little after it's over.
*   Super Jump
    
    *   Has innate projectile armor for 30 frames starting on frame 8
*   Super Dash
    
    *   Has innate projectile armor once Robot starts moving
    *   Hitbox is now identical to Step.
    *   Increased hitstun (14f -> 16f)
*   Return
    
    *   Increased IASA (8f -> 10f)
*   Step
    
    *   Hitbox size reduced
    *   No longer hits behind Robot
    *   Animation length increased (15f -> 18f)
    *   Flipped version adds some sadness.
    *   Is now +1 on block.
    *   Has +2f startup in neutral (IASA 8f -> 10f).
*   Fall
    
    *   Increased IASA during flight (8f -> 10f)
*   Landing
    
    *   Reduced hitbox width (40,000 -> 200).
    *   Reduced damage by 70% (this accounts for the massive and ridiculous damage increase you could get using Fly)
    *   Hitbox centers on Robot instead of the opponent now.
    *   Is no longer hit-cancellable (QOL, shouldnt really ever make a difference).
*   Kill Process
    
    *   Landing this powers up your next use of armor to ignore enemy attacks' knockback and continue with your selected move (like before).
    *   Invulnerability starts later (1f -> 2f)
    *   Projectile invulnerability lasts for the whole move.
*   Gravity Field
    
    *   Removed. After months of experimentation there's little possibility to make a move like this fit with the game's design goals. It's uninteractive and a boring solution to robot's main problems. Hopefully the other buffs should make up for it.
*   LOIC
    
    *   Is now a level 2 super (from 1).
    *   Increased damage (1900 -> 2150)
    *   Continues to follow the opponent when firing.
    *   Lowered minimum delay when not used on self.
    *   Further improved tracking.
    *   Is now +1 on block.
*   New move: Overflow
    
    *   Air-to-ground command grab. Forces ground bounce. Does not hit vs aerial opponents.
    *   Landing this restores an air option.
*   Command Grab
    
    *   Increased DI modifier (1.0 -> 1.75)
*   Bounds Check
    
    *   Robot now charges forward during the startup
    *   Reduced grounded throw hitbox size
    *   Increased hitbox active time (3f -> 10f)
    *   Increased IASA (23f -> 36f)
    *   Has innate projectile armor for 10 frames starting on frame 5
    *   Aerial version is no longer grab invulnerable.
    *   Scales combos by an extra hit.
    *   Adjusted FX.
    *   Can no longer fly during Bounds Check.
*   Flame Thrower
    
    *   Is now +1 on block.
*   Thunder Clap
    
    *   Added option to automatically clap after some time (for aerial use).
    *   Auto version scales the combo by an extra hit.
    *   Is now +3 on block.
    *   Reduced damage (1200 -> 1100)
    *   Reduced min damage (500 -> 300)
    *   Reduced the extra hitstop gained once per combo (25f -> 10f)
*   Try-Catch
    
    *   Is now a true grab.
*   Remote Bomb
    
    *   Can only be hit-cancelled once.
    *   Collision hitbox is now +1 on block.
    *   Explosion is now +3 on block.
    *   Detonation timer won't count down during hitstop.
    *   The opponent hitting an armed bomb reduces its detonation timer to a maximum of 4 frames.
    *   Bounces off block now.
    *   Blocking an active bomb massively reduces its timer, the same as hitting it.
*   Chain Saw
    
    *   Reduced minimum damage per hit (120 WTF -> 60)
*   Earthquake
    
    *   Removed upper body hitbox
    *   All hitboxes now hit low.
    *   Throw changes:
        *   Reduced knockback (8 -> 5)
        *   Reduced throw damage
        *   No longer double-increments combo
        *   Reduced DI modifier (1.5 -> 1.0)
        *   Increased minimum hitstun time (16f -> 20f)
        *   Increased DI modifier (1.0x -> 2.0x) when used after Bounds Check.
*   Ping
    
    *   Knockback direction reversed
    *   Reduced knockback
    *   Is now +1 on block.
    *   Adjusted proration (2 -> 1)
*   Concussive Blast
    
    *   Damage increased (600 -> 700)
    *   Reduced knockback (5 -> 3)
*   Saw Blade
    
    *   Reduced knockback (10 -> 6, 6 -> 4)
    *   Is now +3 on block.
*   Blast
    
    *   Is now +1 on block.
*   Optical Beam (both versions)
    
    *   Is now +1 on block.
*   Optical Beam (aerial)
    
    *   Now hits vs grounded opponents.
*   Boot
    
    *   Is now +2 on block.
*   Crash
    
    *   Is now +1 on block.
    *   Fly affects vertical momentum.
    *   Increased damage (500 -> 800)
    *   Gravity will be applied to Robot if Robot starts moving upward at any time during the move.
*   Saw Blade
    
    *   Added hitbox closer to Robot's body
*   Vacuum
    
    *   Added windbox that pulls in the opponent.
    *   Is now -2 on block.
    *   Added deadzone near Robot
    *   Slightly increased range
    *   Decreased active time (3f -> 1f)
    *   Added point-blank hitbox that does more damage.
    *   Is now cancellable into all special attacks.
    *   Increased startup (11f -> 12f)
*   Kick User (All)
    
    *   Is cancellable into everything now.
    *   Is now +2f on block
*   Kick User (grounded)
    
    *   Increased victim hitstop (4f -> 8f)
*   Spin Cycle
    
    *   Reduced startup (5f -> 4f).
    *   Reduced damage per hit (650 -> 480)
    *   Increased victim hitstop (4f -> 6f)
    *   Adjusted proration (0 -> 2)
    *   Reduced knockback (7 -> 6.5)
    *   Is now -1 on block.
*   Hustle
    
    *   Air version does not build meter and is 11f IASA
*   Drive
    
    *   Forward
        *   Starts with 5f of projectile armor.
        *   Is now +1 on block.
        *   No longer pointlessly free-cancellable.
    *   Wheelie
        *   Added anti-air hitbox.
    *   Flip
        *   Height is now adjustable.
        *   Reduced hitstun (28f -> 24f)
        *   Applies less knockback (14 -> 9)
        *   Applies some forward momentum.
        *   Added FX.
        *   Is now +2 on block.
    *   Drift
        *   is now +1 on block.
    *   Boost
        *   Is now +3 on block.
    *   Clutch
        *   Reduced knockback
        *   Sends more upward
        *   Reduced hitstun (inf -> 25f)
        *   Reduced IASA (32f -> 21f)

  

my god! absolutely HEAPS OF CHANGES to YOUR FAVORITE CHARACTER! what the heck? YOUR MAIN is now bottom tier and WIZARD is **_SSSS++++_**??? be not afraid...