Title: 1.8.5
Date: 1970-01-01
Category: Hustle
Slug: patchnotes/1.8.5

*   Just a quick bugfix and small balance update to tackle some of the bigger more obvious problems.
*   Possibly fixed landing-related prediction errors. This might cause some changes to landing IASA.

All Characters
--------------

*   Fixed Block not working after Pushblock.
*   Sadness gain is reduced for the player with less health, proportional to the difference.
*   You can no longer whiff cancel after your opponent blocks a block-punishable move.
    
*   Super Jump
    
    *   Now tracks your opponent during neutral but is un-angleable.
    *   Fully angleable in ðŸ…±ï¸ombos.
*   Block
    
    *   Air blocking multiple consecutive melee attacks won't drain your air options more than once.
    *   Whiffing Block puts you at -1 block advantage.

Ninja
-----

*   Store Momentum
    
    *   Reduced IASA (15f -> 13f)
*   Uppercut (grounded)
    
    *   Is now immune to aerial attacks while the hitbox is out.
    *   Increased vertical gain.
    *   Has 1 more active frame.
    *   Second hitbox also has +2 proration like the first one.
    *   No longer cancels early vs block.
*   Nun Chuk (up)
    
    *   No longer hitcancels on block (buff).
*   Jump Kick
    
    *   No longer hitcancels on block when started from the ground or blocked by a grounded opponent (buff).
    *   Landing is now projectile invulnerable.

Cowboy
------

*   Shift
    *   Reduced sadness penalty
*   Rift
    
    *   Is now +0 on block (from +1)
*   Foresight
    
    *   Increased IASA (13f -> 14f)
*   Temporal Round
    
    *   Auto-aims at the opponent's center, not their feet.
*   Gun Throw
    
    *   Shoots 1 frame faster after hitting (20f -> 18f).
*   Shoot/Temporal Round
    
    *   Bullet chip modifier increased _before_ ricochet (0.67x -> 0.75)
    *   Bullet chip modifier decreased _after_ ricochet (0.67x -> 0.37)
*   Horiz. Slash (up)
    
    *   No longer hitcancels on block (buff).

Wizard
------

*   Bolt of Magma
    
    *   No longer hitcancels on block (buff).
*   Missile Form
    
    *   Triggers Orb Dart again.

Robot
-----

*   Currently Robot's playstyle is defined by choosing extremely safe options that have higher reward than the other characters'. The risk should more closely match the reward.
*   Fixed blockstun not being applied to Robot when blocking after autoguard.
*   Can no longer fly and parry melee attacks at the same time. Can still fly + block and parry projectiles.
*   Blocking a melee attack disables flight.
    
*   Overflow
    
    *   Making this move act more like an air-to-ground Command: Grab instead of the overwhelmingly powerful combo starter it is right now. You can still combo if the opponent DIs poorly, but it's no longer a free 6k damage.
    *   Increased damage (1250 -> 1650)
    *   Proration adjusted (0 -> 1)
    *   Hitstun reduced (20f -> 15f)
    *   Increased hurtbox size
    *   Decreased hitbox size
*   Optical Beam (grounded)
    
    *   No longer hitcancels on block (buff)
*   Step
    
    *   Is now +0 on block (from +1).
*   Spin Cycle
    
    *   Is now -2 on block (from -1).
    *   Reduced damage per hit (480 -> 300)