Title: 1.9.19
Date: 1970-01-01
Category: Hustle
Slug: patchnotes/1.9.19


*   Lobbies no longer default to custom characters being enabled. This is to promote a similar balance of modded to vanilla lobbies to before character loader was merged into base game, as modded lobbies have become a dominant majority and vanilla players are finding it difficult to find games.
    *   You can now filter lobbies by whether or not they use custom characters.
*   Increased global aesthetic freeze frames modifier on hit, just a little.

Character Changes
=================

All Characters
--------------

*   Getting hit out of a super within 3 frames will now grant you half of the super meter you lost.
*   You can no longer die from Sadness.
*   Counter-hit changes
    *   Basically every neutral interaction ends with a counter-hit, so I'm toning down the reward.
    *   Counter-hit attacks now do 10% extra damage.
    *   Extra hitstun on counter-hit has been removed (5f -> 0f).
    *   Extra hitstop on counter-hit has been removed (3f -> 0f).

Ninja
-----

*   Made Ninja's toggles more visually consistent with the rest of the cast.
    
*   Super Fall
    
    *   Disables Pull while active.
*   Dive Kick (grounded)
    
    *   Up version changes
        *   Incurs +8 frames hitstop when parried
        *   Transitions into a recovery animation after a short time
*   Dive Kick (aerial)
    
    *   Reduced startup when Ninja has no Initiative (12f -> 9f)
*   Boost
    
    *   Removed stack exploit that regenerated decayed boost.
    *   No longer decays under a speed of 8.
    *   No longer decays when Ninja is hit or blocks.
*   Grappling Hook
    
    *   using Pull now uncaps Ninja's speed.
    *   Added back the extra momentum in neutral.
    *   Removed pull + block. Too safe!
*   Whip Wave
    
    *   Added 6f extra hitstop when parried
*   Summon
    
    *   Forward kunai summon spawns 1 pixel higher.
        *   This move was terrorizing the Robot matchup.
*   Stomp
    
    *   Increased hitstun (30f -> 31f)
*   Sweep
    
    *   Ninja is now moved forward 16px on hit.

Cowboy
------

*   Time Splitter
    *   Why did this 4 meter super do no damage lol
    *   Increased damage (1450 -> 2000)
    *   Increased minimum damage (600 -> 1000)

Wizard
------

*   Updated gravity bar visuals.
    
*   Orb
    
    *   Orb Portal
        *   No longer scales meter during combos.
    *   Can't be locked for 20 frames after getting unlocked by Push Block.
    *   Dart
        *   Damage proration adjusted (+0 -> +2)
    *   Swords
        *   Damage proration adjusted (+0 -> +1)
    *   Lightning
        *   Damage proration adjusted (+0 -> +2)
*   Telekinesis
    
    *   Stomp hitbox hits OTG now lmao.
    *   Updated visuals to match the hitbox (why was it like that?).
*   Fast Fall
    
    *   Removed fast fall + block. Too safe!
*   Back Dash
    
    *   Reduced speed (8 -> 7)
*   Mana Dart
    
    *   Increased damage in neutral (800 -> 900)
*   Flame Wave
    
    *   Now has a 30 frame cooldown after the flame dissipates.
*   Confusing Touch
    
    *   Fixed bug making this invisibly less safe than it should be.
    *   Can now be blocked and parried.
    *   Is now +1 on block.
*   Icicle (grounded, down)
    
    *   No longer hitcancels on block.
    *   Can now be followed up into another aerial icicle.

Robot
-----

*   Robot's knockback reduction no longer reduces Burst knockback.
*   Robot now stops flying during Burst and grab techs.
    
*   Landing
    
    *   Shockwave charge is lost when Robot's melee attacks are parried.
*   Step
    
    *   Is now -1 on block (from +0). it's still a low so it's effectively +1 now instead of +2. i am hesitant to nerf step like this, but it is one of the strongest tools in the game and +2 is very high reward for the low risk. i think this is a tame solution.
*   Propel
    
    *   Holding while drive is toggled will no longer cancel the transformation.
*   Magnetize
    
    *   IASA reduced in combos (16f -> 8f)
*   Flamethrower
    
    *   Is now a low. I don't give a fuck
*   Bounds Check
    
    *   Flipping this move in neutral now has a sadness penalty.
*   Try-Catch
    
    *   Is now +2 on block (from +1)
*   Ping
    
    *   Increased hitstun in neutral (12f -> 14f)
*   Earthquake
    
    *   No longer has extra knockback after Bounds Check.
*   Kick User (grounded)
    
    *   added another hitbox closer to robot and extended upward a bit.

Mutant
------

*   For a low-damage character, Mutant was dealing too much damage. I've decreased it in some areas, and improved it in others.
*   Lots and lots of QOL for mutant this patch, I think this character will be eating good.
*   Now gains 1 charge of Juke on parry
*   Up Juke no longer uses an extra air option on moves that already consume one.
*   Mutant is now refunded half a Juke charge if hit by burst on the same turn in a combo.
    
*   Burst Cancel
    
    *   Mutant can now Burst Cancel after hitting most attacks, even if they don't hit-cancel.
*   Rebirth
    
    *   Damage increased (1250 -> 1450)
    *   Minimum damage increased (300 -> 500)
*   Caustic Barrage
    
    *   Reduced combo damage (200 -> 150)
    *   Reduced minimum damage (50 -> 40)
*   Air Dash
    
    *   Mutant gains a Juke pip on frame 5 of a full (100) air dash.
*   H. Acid Slash
    
    *   Increased hitstun in neutral (38f -> 46f)
*   V. Acid Slash
    
    *   Is now a guard break. Mutant needed a decent air-to-ground tool.
    *   Reduced knockback (15 -> 12)
*   Caustic Spike
    
    *   Reduced IASA in neutral (22f -> 20f)
*   Shockwave
    
    *   Reduced combo damage on projectile (750 -> 600)
*   Sneak Attack
    
    *   Improved tracking.
    *   Crossing through the opponent resets Mutant's vertical momentum.
*   Corkscrew
    
    *   You should be able to finish the animation after hitting the opponent by holding now. That you couldn't do this before was a bug.
*   Leap Slash
    
    *   Leap slash was the last move to be added to mutant, and it was a total band-aid move that I always felt was way too strong for the character and the vanilla cast as a whole. This move was making many characters' aerial gameplans completely unsafe for little risk on Mutant's part and making combo routing far too consistent for the mix and oki mutant has. With more buffs to that mix and oki this patch, i don't think it makes sense to leave this as-is.
    *   Reduced forward momentum on forward leap slash.
    *   Reduced speed by 25% when used in the air and 15% on the ground.
    *   Is now up-jukeable from the ground.
*   Shred (both versions)
    
    *   DI Nudge has a drastically lower effect until the last hit.
    *   Landing hitbox always comes out during combos.
    *   Last hit no longer vacuums, instead it sends away from Mutant.
    *   Increased knockback on last hit (5/6 -> 8)
    *   Last hit sends airborne.
*   Shred (grounded)
    
    *   Fixed bug where this was able to hit unparriable in 2f sometimes.
    *   The first hit now pulls the opponent on block.
*   Dash Attack
    
    *   Forward version 2nd hitbox is active for one more frame (2f -> 3f)
    *   Back version is now +1 on block (from -1).
    *   Back version no longer hitcancels on block.
    *   Back version now goes through the opponent.
    *   Back version resets momentum on block.
*   Swipe (low)
    
    *   Reduced pushback on block
*   Shred
    
    *   Fixed bug where this was still able to hit unparriable in 2f sometimes.
*   Kick (grounded)
    
    *   Increased victim hitstop (7f -> 9f in neutral, 11f in combo)
    *   Hurtbox shifts earlier (f11 -> f7), is smaller, and shifted higher up.
*   Dash Attack (forward)
    
    *   Does not land-cancel until frame 9
*   Forward/Back Throw (grounded)
    
    *   Gravity increased by 1.2x, meaning Mutant now ends the animation grounded.
